When is the application deadline?
Where can I get an application form from?
How do I apply?
How do I submit an application?
How long should I expect to wait for a decision on my application?
How long will it take for my application to be processed?
How do I schedule an appointment with an admission counsellor?
How do I contact the Admission office?
How can I contact the Admissions team?
How many intakes does the university have?
What are the admission requirements?
What grades do I need to apply to my program?
Do you offer admission for semesters other than the fall?
Is there an application fee?
Am I qualified for the programme I want to do?
I want to know if I qualify to do a certain course.
What are the entry requirements?
What grades do I need to apply to my program?
I scored B+ can I do medicine.
Can I do applied Computer Science if I have a  C in physics?
I got a C+ in KCSE can I do mathematics
What are the admission qualification requirements for a diploma programme?
What are the admission qualification requirements for a bachelor's programme?
What are the admission qualification requirements for the PhD programme?
What are the admission qualification requirements for a master's programme?
How do I register for a masters program
What grade do I need to pursue or do or study this course
Which aggregate score do I need to do this course
What marks will you use if I take a summer or night school course?
How do I return to finish my degree or take more courses?
How do I defer my studies
How do I apply for residence?
How do I apply for a hostel
How much does residence cost?
How much does a hostel cost?
What is residence living like?
What is hostel living like?
Do you have a meal plan?
How do I contact Student Housing services?
Do you have information on off-campus housing?
How do I apply for accommodation?
Can I rent a room privately?
Can I look around the University accommodation?
Does the University have accommodation on campus?
How do I find an apartment?
Do I have to share my room?
What is already there in hostels and what should be brought along?
Is there graduate on-campus housing?
Will I be guaranteed accommodation in my first year of study?
Do I qualify for financial aid?
How do I get financial aid
My financial aid offer was less than I had expected.
How might I request a reconsideration of my financial aid award?
The total cost of attendance presents a financial burden for my family
What types of financial aid does Elimu award?
What is the best way to get the most financial aid?
What is the Work Study program?
Can students get part-time jobs on campus?
How do I apply for a scholarship to study at Elimu University?
How do I qualify for a study grant or scholarship?
Do you offer any grants or scholarships for international students?
Does Elimu have a Co-op program?
Is there post-graduate on-campus housing?
The fees charged is too expensive.
What fee payment options are there for students?
What payment options do students have?
When do I need to pay my tuition fee?
When is the deadline for fee payment
How much are the tuition fees for international degree students?
Does Elimu have sports scholarships?
How much are fees for students?
How much does it cost to study at the University?
What are the tuition fees for the PhD programme?
How can I pay tuition fees?
How can I make a payment to Elimu University?
I am an exchange student, do I need to pay a tuition fee?
Are there tours for prospective students?
Where is Elimu located?
How do I get to the University?
Can I visit the University?
How do I contact the university centre?
Can I pay fees via mpesa, airtel money, mobile money
How much are fees for medical and medicine students
How long does it take to finish a degree?
What is the bank account number for Elimu University?
How much will my visa and/or residence permit cost and how do I pay?
As a foreign student, do I need a Kenyan bank account to study at Elimu University?
When will we do CATS
When will we do our exams
When will school open?
When is the unit registration deadline
I want to learn more about Elimu University
Elimu is a bad University
How many students does the university have
Who are you?
What is your name?
What degree programs does Elimu offer?
Which programmes are taught in English at Elimu
Does Elimu have a competitive sports programs
You did not answer my question.
That is not very helpful
That is not the information I was looking for
I still do not have the information I was looking for
What is the status of my application
When will my application be completed
I would like to get my timetable
I would like to get my course schedule.
When are my classes going to be held
At what time will my classes be held
